[Music]
yes of course
so first thing when i wake up i try to
drink some water just to get my immune
system going
and help me wake up a bit more because
i'm still really sleepy
and then i get started on my skincare
routine and
brush my teeth
and then i always always make my bed
every morning
it takes like literally two seconds and
it just helps me feel a lot more
put together and i don't have a messy
room to come back to
and look how cute my little elephant
pillow is
[Music]
and then i pop on some workout clothes
and
a sweatshirt because it's super cold
outside it's about
0 degrees celsius or like 32 degrees
fahrenheit
and put my hair up in a ponytail
pop on my headband and grab my earpods
and go
and here's my two friends and i we keep
each other accountable
so we have a little running group and
here we are running in christchurch
meadows it's
gorgeous and then i get back
and it's time to shower and i don't wash
my hair every single day because it's
not really good for it
so that's why i didn't wash it today
because it wasn't on my hair wash day
then i just pick out my outfit for the
day
and then i get started on my skincare so
i do this
toner and then also this essence both
are by cosrx which is a korean skincare
brand
and then i do this eye serum by the
ordinary to help with my dark circles
some cerave moisturizer of course
[Music]
and then also sunscreen hiram if you're
watching
i listen to you don't worry
and then while i get started on my
makeup i always listen to
some form of like podcast audiobook or
affirmations and today i'm listening to
obsessed which is
an audiobook on branding which is really
cool and i'm listening to it on audible
audible has
a new membership plan which is just 4.95
for a month for the first six months so
it's
basically the price of a coffee and then
with their newest membership plan
audible plus you get access to their
full plus catalog which has audible
originals
audiobooks and even podcasts so it's
really great because i can use it to
listen to podcasts like productivity
podcasts
and then i also listen to audiobooks
mostly like nonfiction or
self-help books i find that first thing
in the morning i really want to
feel inspired and feel motivated to
start my day
and so right now i'm listening to
obsessed which
is this book on branding and it's super
cool because it goes through
the branding skills that high growth
startups like glossier airbnb
casper and more use to basically launch
their companies
and the importance of like speaking to
your consumer and i really want to go
into branding and have my own company
one day which is why i find this
super inspiring first thing in the
morning especially and i feel like it
really maximizes my productivity and
just like
puts me in that kind of girl boss kind
of mood so if you want to learn about
branding with me
go to audible.com sienna or text sienna
to five zero zero five zero
[Music]
so
next it's time to water my plants of
course i don't do this every single day
i do it about every two weeks for these
guys
but today was the day that i needed to
water them and then i just grabbed my
laptop my charger
my planner and put it all in my bag it
says women on a mission
[Music]
and honestly most days i actually skip
breakfast because i'm kind of just one
of those people that's not super hungry
first thing when i wake up in the
morning
but because i've been up for a while and
i went running i'm actually really
hungry so i make myself some
avocado toast and pour a little like
olive oil drizzle
some lemon and some salt and pepper on
[Music]
top
and then i mask up and grab my stuff and
head out the door
[Music]
and i always listen to something when
i'm walking and i'm still listening to
obsessed because
i'm actually obsessed with it okay i'll
stop now and then i go to pratt because
the uk has this deal where you get free
coffee for
a month which is insane
and then i head to the library
[Music]
you have to book libraries like a week
in advance at oxford just because of
covert regulations and not you know
overcrowding
and the way oxford tutorials work is
that i have my
tutorials every week and every other
week so most days i actually don't have
any sort of class or lectures i just go
to the library
and work on my essay for the week or two
essays in this case
and before i start any work i always
flip through my planner
and i make a plan for the day just to
kind of like set an intention so today's
monday the start of the week
and i write down you know like i wanted
to film this video and upload it
and then a few other things as well
[Music]
and i usually get to the library around
9 30 which is when the slot starts just
so that i can get a good seat for the
day
and yeah that's basically it that's what
i do most mornings
obviously every morning is not the same
some days i
need sleep and absolutely sleep in
others
i don't work out or like don't go
running but this is
basically what i try to do each day and
what i do to feel
most productive so yeah thanks for
watching love you guys
see you in my next one
you